RONN | Subtitle
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
The Closet
I'm asking you to help find someone
It has been four weeks
If you keep saying that you are still looking for
What should I say?
No. how many times I say it ...
... the cost will increase. not a problem.
I said it was urgent for job
This time please do not worry
I-On
Our new home ...
It was quiet. and the air is nice.
The doctor said it would be nice to stay at home as it was
I-Na. you'll like it.
I-On ...
They say. this is a limited edition.
I managed to get it.
You have to thank my father.
I-On
I-Na. how can you go do not say-say
Make Dad looking.
I-Na. it's our home.
Are you satisfied?
How wonderful to be here early.
I did not see the child receives a gift
You know I'm responsible for this project.
Virtually no breathing space
You know her birthday
Did you send a birthday gift?
Is this necklace?
Said that of the father. used every day.
Dear
Panic disorder can not be cured in a few days
Must be maintained at all times.
Set alarmmu and drink your medicine.
I'll handle it myself.
But I-Na was not improved at all.
Is I-Na in a bad situation?
Not looked at recently
Together in a nice air ...
... certainly fine.
That's why we moved. is not it?
I've tried but to no avail
Pathetic.
If you can not do it. ...
... art camp mentioned earlier
It was a healing center.
You and I-Na must be separated.
So I do not want to recommend you
Anyway you are also in therapy
It was alarming.
I'm more worried I-Na than myself
There was no time. do it again. you will be defeated.
Dad. look at me run
Well my daughter. fight!
Oh. listen to me.
From stylish design to finishing work
Did not I say I'll do it.
That's because you did not come.
Not that I do not want to go.
That's because it is.
Hey. listen to me
You cancel the contract unilaterally.
Not like that?
Let's talk straight.
I will go there
Happy Birthday...
I love his us ...
Happy Birthday.
Quick. blow out the candle.
Otherwise. mother will blow
Do not
What do you want?
Secret
Do not want to tell mom?
I-On
What happened?
Did you scream?
I'm not yelling.
Everything is fine. right?
Ya
Can the father get in and see?
Strange
Is the I-Na sure not to scream?
I-Na. where did you get that doll?
From here
- From there? - Yes
Let Dad see
I-Na. the father bought a doll a few days ago
It should be fun to play
Dad. can I keep this?
It has been used by others. It was dirty.
Dad. throw it.
I want to speak with this doll.
New doll to play
I-Na. are you sure you're okay?
dad understood
Hurry to sleep
Well
I am full
Dad can I play in my room?
Of course
I love this house
And friends.
That's great
thank you
Why did you suddenly mention Kensang?
Designed by different people
Subjects will confuse you. do not you know?
And could he designed an art gallery
Men who have not even designed the two-storey villa
As long as you break ...
Kensang designing an art museum in Jeju Island
He's so hot right now. just like you.
Honestly ...
All proposed only use good
I'm a person who makes you do it together
What are you talking about
I'm not talking nonsense
No designer who does not come to the site. Describing an imaginary picture there.
Did not you already say that?
Find people to care for the child. I'll be there.
It's been a month since it happened.
We do not have time
Why is that man here?
Oh. that's right.
Why is he still here?
Do you want to get there?
It seems like all is fine
No
I will be here later
Go and finish
I said I would come here
Do not move. stop messing around
Do not
Really
I-Na. what are you doing?
I'm writing a song for dad
Want to hear it?
I-On ...
Dad wants to talk to you.
My father had said he wanted to design the Museum Tongyeong.
But now it's time to start work
Dad had to go to work at the site for a few days
So I-Na must stay with your aunt for now
How long?
About two months
But going back to I-Na weekend
Can I go with you?
Dad also wanted to do it.
But this is a construction site. a very hostile environment.
So I-Na. this time. please try to understand dad. help my father.
I'll buy you a gift that you want
You've said for a long time.
Ask me what should I do
I-On ...
... father tried to find a way to you.
But you always act like this to my father.
Dad did not know what to do
Do you know the father is also thinking.
Dad also thought about what you want
I-Na. let's talk later
I-Na. it's late. go to bed.
Treatments such as what is used?
We will begin with insulation.
Whether the child will be okay?
Split with his mother
Obviously not easy
What would you do? You do not take it anymore.
There is not much room there
You should donate some money
Think about it
Where are you going?
I his father will go to the location
Back soon.
I think we'll talk later.
Why? You do not remember anything?
I-On
Dad would talk to you tonight.
And stuffed it ...
Father ordered ...
... coming soon
Do you know how old I was?
Why do you always send stuff like that
I-On
Did not you say you love dolls?
And how you can talk to him like that.
- Why choose what father like me? - And what about Dad gave?
None.
You deserve to be a father.
What?
I-On
Let go! Let go! Let go!
Are you looking for a babysitter?
I happen to have just come out.
150.000 a day.
Ah well
Do-Hyeon ... about donations to arts camp.
How much does it cost?
They are like family.
The boy did not know what to do in her room
Not coming out.
Who knows
Leaving the boy and run
So many valuable things left
for me
- It's Mr. Park - Nice to meet you.
It was President Kim
Nice to meet you.
Please take care of yourself.
Very nice
I do not know. Shouting in the room. destroying the goods.
I do not even cook for him.
He must be hungry so woke up.
damn it
Is this boy crazy?
How long do you work?
Did you have to go right now?
Do not say that
I'll be back tonight
Take the money and take responsibility
I can not go back now
I understand
I also will go.
Take me
Let's go together
Follow us
Subtitlekan.com
please help
not my daughter
The boy was missing for a month
Why not have a clue?
Oh. we go crazy
There is no
Bibi's nanny
After the aunt was gone ...
... boy was missing
Investigate aunt again
Bibi in the day ...
I understand. I've seen it.
Also already using polygraph
But did not find anything
Why do not you go back and wait?
You kept me waiting at home for a month.
Did you investigate this case?
Why are you yelling?
Well please see here
About I-Na
Just relax and tell your case.
Hello everyone. my name is Sang-Won
This is my daughter I-Na
Age 11 years
Missing a month ago
I have to find my daughter
Please help me
Monitoring of homes within a radius of three kilometers with CCTV
All supervised vehicle monitoring
There is no sign of the boy that day.
His mother died in a traffic accident last year.
Only the son and father who live together
According to people in the vicinity ...
... the relationship between the child and the father is not so good
When we were recording ...
... we found a dozen bottles of medicine on the bathroom counter
Everything is psychiatric drugs
Should not the mild conditions to follow the recipe as it
Condition has to be more complicated
Sister ...
He was obsessed with his work.
Perhaps because it does not work lately
Looks a little anxious ...
But unfortunately. the majority of cases of missing children ...
... it's all related to the family.
Cases are reported to you three years ago ...
do you remember?
The case and the disappearance of I-Na ...
... have a lot in common
Assuming I-Na is not lost
Should we approach the case from another angle?
Please direct any queries ...
A child who suddenly disappeared from home.
Where is the child now?
We are waiting for your call
Hey there is a story behind it
Really
vide
It was a gift from dad
Wow. butterfly necklace
Very good
Looks like you really like it
Let's give thanks to dad
Thank you dad
How did you get in?
Hi. you call the repairman internet. is not it?
I saw the door open and entered.
Her house is very big. I have to look around.
What is wrong?
Wow this house better than I had expected.
Boss. if you studied art?
Or build a house ??
When I was little. I wanted to stay in a house this size.
But since I was a kid. I had no money.
Not here
How do you clean the house like this
You must be exhausted to clean itself
Did you call the maid?
The house is very high.
If so high. it would have to spend a lot of cost.
But the government said it would support solar energy.
How effective is solar energy?
We do not know
Not like that?
How many square meters?
Is it more expensive than Gangnam?
Uncle
You should ask your real estate agent about this.
Can you help me solve the problem faster internet?
I'm afraid there is something wrong with this suburban area.
So using this ENF electromagnetic waves ...
ENF electromagnetic wave detector
But if the Internet improved in this way?
Can go to the second floor?
Sorry. can I have your business card?
Wait a minute. now card are not important
I could solve the problem now
As a precaution. I check out of the box first.
And also. someone cut the cable internet
What are you saying?
Would not you call the internet service?
Uncle. let's talk.
Wait a minute. listen to me. Uncle.
Well. wait a minute.
What do you actually do?
Please do not misunderstand
I'm here to help confirm
Are you from the TV station?
To make me crazy
I'll call the police
I-Na before disappearing ...
... if his attitude changed?
Do something strange in front of the closet
Talk to yourself.
shout
How do you know?
I his is not the first to disappear from home.
A total of 32 children have been missing since 1998
I have been following this for 10 years
When you are online
Search The Exorcist. it was me.
I've often appearing on TV shows.
By the way. I exorcist top in Korea.
Compared with the reputation and strength
I paid in accordance with the actual situation
You see this first
Children suddenly lost at home
While playing
When doing homework
Sleep time
This is a special case of the disappearance of quietly.
It all missing children.
It refers to a child.
Twenty years ago. a boy named Hyun-Soo disappeared from her home.
Just like I-Na
Because you want to know whether she was dead or alive
My parents do
As uncle saw. ...
... that my mother
Some families who lost children say
Met my mother who had died
Maybe she wants to warn
Do not let the creatures that take kids
Do you want to continue?
killed my mother
Make children disappeared.
Plus this time I-Na
This is the cause of all the events that
it's a ghost
How do you explain it?
Is this ridiculous?
Is the ghost of his lead I go?
You just want to do this. is not it?
Are you awake?
Let's go. let's go.
You do not believe me? Okay.
I'm the only one who believes what you're talking about.
Everyone thinks you who killed your daughter.
If you are late. ...
... even if I wanted to try to save I-Na. I can not.
Wait a minute
Are you really able to find the I-Na ku?
Ya
People who live persisting in death only for 49 days.
So there are 49 performances
Did you see...
...film "Walk with God"
Then it must be easy to understand
Did you not watch the movie Walk with God?
Never watch
No living culture
Anyway. the important thing is. ...
Remaining time for I-Na ...
... just three days. Three days.
This. Reacting to the fluctuating mass that is outside of quantum mechanics.
detector
If the ghost appears. he reacts
So exactly where I-Na by?
In the death chamber
We call it the other world
I'll take one.
Do not tear
unlucky
see
Before and after
Divided into the death chamber and space life
It's all about the room.
It's all in the same place
Because in the middle
You do not get to see each other
But the match resonance of electromagnetic waves.
Open between unconsciousness
So we see each other
Can also traveling
Also appearing in the movie Interstellar
The magicians did the same with FM radio
Often referred to ownership
Because there are a lot of things like that ...
... people like me have to wear these items.
But there are also some very vicious ghosts.
Just as the devil we were looking for.
Find people who fit
Drag people to their world
So anyone who towed away ...
... over time. lose all memory.
Full of murder
Called ghost darkness.
Seeing them. live. eat everything.
It was awful
What should be done to find the I-Na?
Discover the demons and let the evil spirit brings people back
This fight or consolation.
Regardless of the method
The boy would be interested in the doll unconsciously
If ghosts find doll weed with my blood on it. ...
... can make a ghost like electrical stimulation
It's like a small disaster
It's a spell
This is all the money
Price spell has been increased recently
This spell is very expensive
Okay. from now on. enjoy.
Wait a minute
Do uncle have eaten glass noodles?
Not the same thing.
Can chew
Whether it's meat or tofu
Is this going to work?
Um. that's for sure
Wait a minute
Looking through it. why it does not appear?
I thought I heard something.
This is the voice I-Na played the violin.
Oh my ears hurt
This ghost is terrible
Is the I-Na were here?
It is not clear
Do it again
Apply more blood this time with a big doll
This is not a normal ghost
Uncle. who the singer like I-Na?
BlackPink?
The singer who liked children have recently
Looks like you do not know
Then. the name of his friend?
my goodness
You do not know anything about I-Na
None of you communicate directly
I hate silence
I used to hate people who talk a lot
I say this because I hate silence
How do I call you?
Whatever you want
I his father?
Feel comfortable..
Boss. Better boss
Call me uncle.
Then how do I call you?
I master
Because teachers are good at what they do.
Haus.
I saw the first refrigerator
I need a beer
I master
Father
Uncle. close your eyes.
Close your eyes!
They do not refine us. but the demon.
Ghost darkness could only see people with eyes open
So do not open your eyes
You have to get out before the open.
So do not move first
Do not move
From now on
You must do what I say.
Lie down first
Then. slowly to the right.
No. it's to the left.
Stop there
Do not move. wait a minute
Do not move
Remain there and wait
We're almost there.
Hang in there
damn it
Uncle. I'm on my way.
Hold your breath and wait a minute
Do not move
damn it
Uncle. come out!
directly out
Everything from the sky
And everything starts from the ground
To ward off evil spirits.
To rid the world of evil.
Destroy the devil with all the power of the gods of heaven and earth
Help me
I master
What happened?
What happen with me?
- Myeong-Jin - Myeong-Jin?
I did not recognize him
No other photo?
It's the only
See as an ex-con.
So. why do you look? Because he owed money to you?
son missing
Geez. Is that?
I said something wrong
The prodigal son?
Wait a minute
Is this the man Shangdong?
There was an uncle who lived alone in Shangdong
There are many strange things in front of her house.
But I heard
It seems her son missing
Kyeong-Hoon
This Mother.
Come to mother
Take defibrillator
Excuse me
Is there anyone here?
Who is that?
Are You Myeong-jin's father?
Help back
I'm looking for you to ask what really happened
Are you a cop?
Not
That...
My daughter also disappeared
It seems nothing to do with Myeong-Jin
The boy slept soundly in the next room ...
... vanished
The mother said that she went looking for the boy.
I have not heard from him since.
I was alone. after 10 years of looking hard. I had to give up
I struggled for ten years
Wanted to forget everything
I do not want to remember the past it
Please go
Before a child is missing
Did that happen?
For example. the child's personality changed suddenly.
How helpless I came to live in exile
See children passing
Kept me from breathing.
Can not you see that I have lived in this lonely place?
Forgive me
By the way...
About this doll
Do you know something?
This ... this ...
How did you ...
Why are you here?
What are you doing here. damn it!
I will not die
Will not die
I will not die here
Already're already here.
Father
Myeong-Jin?
Uncle
Dear
It is okay
Uncle. what are you doing?
Back. Can.
You go ahead and wait.
I beg you
I would sooner
That would follow.
Father
Dad. help me
I can not get out
Father
More than half the stores are closed or closed
Or ready for sale
- Downtown Seoul ... - Dad
Father
Let me out. dad
mother
Help me
I beg you
Father
Myeong-Jin
Just breathe.
all alive
Dad. help me
After we are born again
Stop living in debt and live happily
Father
I was totally wrong
Please. let Me out
Instead of living like this ...
May also die happy
Please dad
Help me
Please
I was totally wrong
Father
Dad. I was wrong
Life and death can be virtuous god and God are united to destroy the evil god
May all the gods came to Huangquan
Help me
I see the memories Myeong-Jing
This is because as uncles consistent with the resonance frequency of Myeong-Jing
And you can see the memories of each other.
Resentment continues to accumulate
Being a true crime
He went to the children's pain.
That's how it works.
Uncle. do you blame me?
Let's be honest
Is not just focus on your job uncle long ago?
That's why the child wants to disappear.
What exactly are you saying?
This child ...
I can feel it instinctively
Is this guy really loves me or not?
But buy some stuffed ...
... can you hide your true feelings?
Children who disappeared have one thing in common
They may be persecuted by their parents ...
... or letting go
They are all injured for various reasons
Likewise I-Na
What was it like to live with a father who wants to disappear
You might also think about
How lonely boy's
Myeong-Jin helps I-Na
Remove these inner thoughts
I make I-Na go.
Subtitlekan.com
- Master Hoon - Oh. startling
What is wrong?
The frequency of the ...
During the frequency consistent
I can see it ...
... also can get in. right?
Yes. as long as it has the same frequency
You said I was having a panic attack?
I have the same frequency as the Myeong-Jing?
Then I could see I-Na
What exactly are you saying?
We did not have much time left.
Let me in
Stop messing around
Do you know how dangerous it
No. it is very dangerous
Even if it is dangerous ...
...I do not care
Is there no other way now?
Do you have another way?
Let me in
Do you know how dangerous it is!
After you sign in. you will die if you can not get out.
Boss. if you want to tarnish the expulsion setanku career?
What nonsense it ...
can not
Sorry about the money.
So...
Let me in
Even if it meets I-Na ...
... Please help me
damn it
I will hold a ritual to find a way to protect you
But it was only 30 minutes
If you fail to come out at that time
Did you see it last time?
You will forget everything
It is okay
okay
then try
Why are you asking how to accelerate the decline in the condition?
That's a strange question. is not it?
Can you believe in me ...
... and tell me.
I beg you
When you take caffeine pills in large quantities
Not only would cause panic. ...
... perhaps death
Right when I was warned to be extra careful
I warned you.
Are you ready?
I will soon have symptoms
The place was built by Myeong-Jing. no one knows what will happen
And....
Myeong-Jin will use all means to stop you
You have to make a decision
I-On
I will certainly bring it back
You have to come back alive
To give me money. understand?
Let's look at your performance
This fire is connected with you
Once the time runs out ...
... then you die
"Mantra Guru"
Seung-Hee
There is what Seung-Hee?
It's your fault. I-Na were here.
I-On
Die you!
Die!
"Mantra Guru"
Gods unite to destroy the evil god
May all the gods came to Huangquan
I-On
Seung-Hee
Are you okay. Seung-Hee?
Dear
You have to protect the I-Na. okay?
Seung-Hee
No. Seung Hee.
I-On I-On ...
Why are you here?
Myeong-Jin
Uncle here to pick up I-Na
Why? Is not this what you want?
Would not you want to throw the I-Na here?
What does it cost to contribute to art camp?
It was then
I-Na will be with us.
Myeong-Jin sent down I-Na
Let Uncle bring I-Na go
Myeong-Jin
What you experienced that day
Uncle saw everything
That's why you bring the kids here
Including I-Na us
But the last word that you heard that day ...
I will not listen
Instead of living like this
You will be happier if you die. believe me dad.
mother
You lie
It was all the fault of adults. this is a mistake uncle.
Uncle guilty
Do not lie
Mother...
Do not forget to look for mother
mother
I-Na-Na ... I ...
Kill him
Please be aware
The world must be ghost ghost
Kumohon I-Na
I-On
Myeong-Jin
I-On ...
You're here my son.
mother
How scared you
What a pain you
Mothers should take care
sorry mom
Mother...
Mother is waiting for you
mother
Now. let's start with the mother.
I-On
Myeong-Jin
mother
Mother ... mother ...
Mother ... mother ... mother ...
Myeong-Jin
Uncle...
Come back soon. time is running out.
Myeong-Jin
Forgive me
I-On
I-Malaka Slide Show
Dad. I want to go home.
Let us go home
Home with dad
Uncle
What I remember of his world?
I hope she will never remember it.
What about the new place?
We both live in a nice and cozy
That is good
You do not need to swipe your card. But if you insist to swipe your card. ...
... a handling fee of 10%
If you write a nice comment on my blog ...
... I'll give you a mantra for free
I-On
Father
Let's get in the car
I-Na fine.
Give me more
Thank you for using this subtitle. We are sorry if there are still many shortcomings.
RONN | Subtitle
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm